Features  of  RoyalVipHotels  

Client  
    1. select  a  place   and  reserve   it    and  pay  for  it   and  get  confirmation  
    2. add   service       reserve    the  service   --   detail   the  service  that  need   it   and  pay  for  it  
        1. each  service  we  need  to  create the  full   detail  page  for  the  service      for  example maid  services    so  client  can    order      for  a maid  service    for  a    specific   day    that  mean     he   have  an  option     to   select     what  days     he  want  to  have    maid service   --   once    he  select a specific   date   a  menu   for  what   task  the   maid  need  todo    in  that   day 
so  again   for  each   day  a  full   menu   of  task  must   apear  
    A) Strip and replace all bed linens and pillowcases
    B) Change towels (bath, hand, kitchen)
    C) Make begds neatly
    D) Empty agll trash cans and replace liners
    E) Sweep, vacuum, and mop all floors
    F) Dust all surfaces (shelves, nightstands, decor)
    G) Clean windows and mirrors
    H) Check for and remove stains or marks on walls/furniture
    I) Wipe and disinfect light switches, door handles, remotes, and other high-touch surfaces
    J) Wash and put away dishes, cookware, and utensils
    K) Wipe countertops, cabinets, and backsplash
    L) Clean and disinfect sink, faucet, and handles
    M) Clean inside and outside of refrigerator, microwave, and oven (lightly if not heavily soiled)
    N) Refill essentials: coffee, sugar, salt, paper towels, dish soap, etc.
    O) Empty trash and recycling
    P) Clean and disinfect toilet, sink, shower, and tub
    Q) Refill toilet paper, soap, shampoo, conditioner, and other amenities
    R) Wipe mirrors and glass doors
    S) Replace bath mats if used
    T) Ensure no hair or residue remains
    U) Change bedding and check for stains or damage
    V) Vacuum carpets and rugs
    W) Dust lamps, picture frames, and furniture
    X) Reposition decor items neatly
    Y) Ensure remote controls, chargers, and amenities are in place
    Z) Check that lights, AC, and appliances work
    AA) Open windows briefly to air out
    BB) Spray air freshener or use mild scent diffuser
    CC) Stage the property for photos or guest readiness
    DD) 
    EE) Clean inside oven and refrigerator thoroughly
    FF) Wash curtains, duvets, and throw blankets
    GG) Clean under furniture and behind appliances
    HH) Remove limescale from faucets and shower heads
    II) Clean windows inside and outside
    JJ) Wipe down walls and baseboards
    KK) Check for maintenance issues (leaks, broken bulbs, etc.)


   
    3. since  the  service   provider      will   need    to    update   the  system    that  the  task s   was  done     the  client   can Monitor    if    each   of  the   services    was      delivered and  done   
    4. interact    via    the  system     to  the     whatsapp   of  the  service   provider  
    5. each  service   will  have    the  same  breakdown    for  the  service  provider     use    chat gpt to get    the  breakdown     so  you  can presented  to  replite
    6. the  country manager  will  be  able   to   assign  a  specific   service  provider  to  a specific client  
        1. once  the  service  provider   was  assigned   the  system  will atomatcly notify  the  service provider    the a job  was  assigned 
        2. the  service  provider   can  accepted  or   reject   it  
        3. if  the  service  provider  rejected   an  alert  to  to  go  to  the  country  manager  
        4. if  the service provider   accpet  the  job   then  